DEVX-1883: First kafka consumer application [Kafka 101 Series] (#463)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-consumer-application/kafka/markup/dev/create-topic.adoc

In this step we're going to create a topic for use during this tutorial.

> But your first, you're going to open a shell on the docker broker contaniner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But first, you're going to open a shell on the broker docker container.
```

Author: ack
